c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI).exe
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI).pdb
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI).csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.baml
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.baml
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.baml
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\About.g.cs
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings\Appearance.g.cs
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Pages\SettingsPage.g.cs
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI)_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI).g.resources
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI).exe
c:\users\siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI).pdb
C:\Users\Siddharth\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Create.baml
C:\Users\Siddharth\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Create.g.cs
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI).exe.config
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\Ookii.Dialogs.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\Ookii.Dialogs.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\run.baml
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\run.g.cs
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\manage.baml
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\manage.g.cs
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\edit.baml
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\edit.g.cs
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI)_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI).exe.manifest
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI).application
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI).exe.manifest
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI).application
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\bin\Debug\Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.dll
C:\Users\Siddharth\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Lasagne (Modern UI)\Lasagne (Modern UI)\obj\Debug\Lasagne (Modern UI).csprojFakesResolveAssemblyReference.cache
